---
layout: post
title: Myself in My Own Eyes
categories: Blog
description: A summary of my strengths and weaknesses for regular self-improvement.
keywords: strengths, weaknesses
---

The greatest enemy in one's life is oneself, and the hardest to see clearly is also oneself.

By examining oneself and considering others' evaluations, we can better understand ourselves and become better versions of ourselves.

### Strengths

1. Trustworthiness

   Generally speaking, if I take on a task, I will do my best to work towards the desired outcome.

2. Love of reading

   Whether it's useful or not, I am always reading and engaging in corresponding reflections.

### Weaknesses

1. Procrastination

   I let things pile up, finding various excuses not to start, even if the task only takes two minutes to complete.

2. Must-do syndrome

   I do not unconditionally accept certain things that objectively exist in myself; I have expectations for others' behaviors and the way the world should be. When these expectations are not met, I feel anxious and defeated.

3. Vagueness

   When people ask me questions, I often respond quickly. Sometimes, the answers I give are not the most reasonable or certain upon reflection. Realizing this later, I have to make corrections. In fact, others are not in such a hurry. Taking a few extra seconds to find the correct answer in my mind before responding would be a more efficient approach. This does not make me seem unprepared or lacking in thought; it is actually better than giving an inaccurate answer immediately and then having to amend it later.
